Main description

The goal is to pull up a map with directions from one stop to the next, provide pictures images and video of the location, and scroll down to get to the next location. Each “page” (as in view window of the browser) should be a destination
When the user scrolls up to see their previous destinations show them as much info as they could want. Arrow keys should scroll on desktop. Swiping should scroll on mobile.
I want the image galleries to extend off to the right if theres enough content. Somehow mix content between images and youtube vids and maps. Have a way to scroll through the content without leaving or changing the site.

In the end you have a road trip that scrolls like its already been completed, just with impersonal images and videos

Save the road trip to a database and be able to see all the road trips in snippets, select them and view the awesome road trips other people have planned
Description of service used in MVP form:

Enter start location - IE Portland OR
Show map focused on that location
Enter first stop, or destination - IE Multnomah Falls
Show map with travel distance, time. Show pictures and video.
Ask for other destinations, upon entry scroll the page down and show more content.
Keep getting destinations until the user clicks on the end button, at which time they will be asked to provide a name for the road trip.
PAST MVP:
Offer stops every four hours for food
Track mileage and offer oil change locations
Description of the Landing Page:
Start screen
Black background with large white lettering “Please enter your start location”
Put in address, city, whatever hit enter
Show map centered on that area
Large white lettering saying enter first stop/attraction/destination


Teams
Michael Dada and Chris Kuiper, C# Back end team. Write the classes described below
Chris B, Front End Design. Design/Code the front end/views
Nicholas Jensen, Project Management, Javascript/jQuery, AJAX
Class definitions for MVP:

Database Name:

road_trip

Table Names:
1. destination
2. trip

Destination Class:
    Properties
        id int identity(1,1)
        roadtrip_id int
        name varchar(255)
        inorder int
    Methods:
        Non-Static methods:
            getters/setters - done
            save, saves to database weather it needs to insert or update. - done
            Optional - separate the update function. I don’t mind what way you choose to do it. -done
            delete, deletes the record in the database - done
        Static methods:
            getall, gets all destinations - done
            find, returns the destination given the id - done
            deleteall, deletes all in the table - done

RoadTrip Class:
    Properties
        id int identity(1,1)
        name varchar(255)
        description text
    Methods:
        Non-Static Methods
            Getters/Setters - done
            save - done
            optional update - done
            getdestinations - done
            Delete - done
            MoveUp - DONE
            MoveDown - Done
            change order, change the order of the events. arguments, id of item to change, place to put it in. - do this later
        Static Methods

            getall - done
            Find - get a road trip by id - done
            deleteall - done

Database Tables:
    search_terms DONE
      id int identity(1,1)
      term varchar
    images DONE
      id int identity(1,1)
      link varchar
      search_terms_id int

Scrubber Class:
  Methods:
    Static Methods:
      Search - Search the database for a search term and the images - done
        return results as a list of strings (urls for images)
        if the search hasn't been done before, call Scrape(term), save the results to the database and return those results.
      AddTerm - Store the search term in the database - done
      AddImage - store the image in the database and store the relationship in the database - done
    Methods Nick Wrote:
      GetPageContent - Downloads a website into a string. DONE
      GetList - Retrieves a list of strings separated from a large body of text by delimiters. DONE
      CheckLink - Checks if link contains any word in the string command and also make sure it doesn't include the word thumb. DONE


Views:
List of road trips
Landing page / road trip creation page / road trip view page
The destinations should take up roughly the same size as a screen
Have small links to edit the destination
A page for editing the order of the routes

Past MVP:
Can we make scrolling the website “snap” a little to certain places?
gallery - store the url of all the pictures and videos found. Need a C# class and some javascript
Have a way to store cars and pictures and show the rides used to go on the roadtrip

Other notes:

Google Developer API key AIzaSyCw5z-eino8TADQRsp4NX0pxg4C6ZnMKSA

NOTE -------------- ?'s mean after MVP, as in not important. Do them if you have free time. ------------------ NOTE

Javascript
maximg - Keep aspect ratio of image - DONE
Resizing map - recenter focus on trip - DONE
fiximg not centering properly - CLOSE ENOUGH
Clear search bar when command is entered and have loading stuff appear and no other commands can be entererd. DONE
Prevent maps from preventing scrolling - DONE
maximg - carousel?


C#:
Insert images/search terms into the database DONE
When search calls Scrub, insert the image(links) and search term into the database DONE
Get directions working properly
Detect images that are 404 - http://stackoverflow.com/questions/11082804/detecting-image-url-in-c-net
Try to filter out tiny images? anything less than 300x300
Filter out images that match search terms based on the url - ie ignore ://.*/ - DONE
change timeout when scrubbing - DONE

C# View/Front End:
Add the title to the "stops" and add buttons for moving, editing and deleting



Last Day:
C#:
directions/single destination map working correctly 
Nick:
Make image aspect ratio and center properly through the entire range - DONE
Zoom to the newely added routes - DONE
Add function to undisable the input when the return is not proper. - DONE. I think. Hard to test.
detect 404 images? DONE
detect tiny images? DONE
Fix the map route - it currently displays a directions map to and from the same destination.
Get the carousel working?
Make sure the image doesn't strech during maximg, make the image only scale up to its original size?
CSS:
add title to the stops and add buttons for moving editing and deleteing
finish make styling look right

Past MVP:
View All Roadtrips?
Quick Links to go to different Stops? on a road trip

Make the moveup movedown and delete buttons work 
make the disappear when not available


map 1em margin top
header zindex 900
results header is accidentally on the photos class


FINAL HOUR:
Destination methods needed for view roadtrip:
GetPreviousDestination DONE
GetImages DONE
GetMap DONE
Button at the bottom of the roadtrip that allows the user to name the road trip DONE
homemodule route for rename road trips CHRIS
route to show road trips
delete button "are you sure" DONE

Carousel SHITTY CLICK LISTENER
